welcome back here we go again great to
see you and congratulations
thank you you will never forget what is
going on in the world when you think
about when your child is born you will
know for the rest of this child's life
you were born during a weird time that's
for sure no that is for sure
they're probably the weirdest that I can
remember yeah yeah and he was born on
may the 4th and that's lairs - yeah
William has to be hopeful I sure hope so
perfect yes I mean that was the perfect
day for you I'm yeah what how do you say
the name well uh there's a placeholder
and first of all my partner's the one
that actually mostly came up with the
name congratulations to her yeah yeah
she's great at names so I mean it's just
X the letter X and then the AE is like
pronounced ash yeah and then a 12 a 12
is my contribution o ye 12 Archangel 12
the precursor to the sr-71 coolest plane
ever I I agree with you I don't know I'm
not familiar with it I know one is yeah
yeah yeah I know what that is the sr-71
came from a CIA program called a cold
Archangel oh it's the Archangel project
and then Archangel 12 wow what a dope
looking plane yeah oh okay I got it
yeah well as a person who's very much
into aerial travel as you are well
that's perfect it's pretty great
yeah pretty great so is it does it feel
strange to have a child while this
craziness is going does it feeling
you've had children before is this any
weirder it's actually I think it's
better being older and having a kid I
appreciate it more hmm yeah babies are
awesome they are pretty awesome they're
awesome yeah but I didn't have any of my
own I would see other people's kids and
I didn't not like that sure but I wasn't
drawn to them sure but now when I see
little people's kids I'm like oh I think
of a minute like these little love
packages yeah the love books
yeah it's just you think of them
differently when you see them come out
and then grow and then eventually start
talking to you like your whole idea what
a baby is is very different yeah so now
as you you know get older and get to
appreciate it as a mature fully formed
adult it must be really pretty wonderful
yeah wonderful that's great
but babies are awesome yeah yeah that's
uh that's great yeah I mean also have I
I've spent a lot of time on AI and
neural nets and so you can sort of see
then kind of the brain develop which is
you know what and they I know neural net
is trying to simulate what a brain does
basically and you can sort of see the it
learning very quickly you know it's just
wow see things fight so you're talking
about the neural net you're not talking
about an actual baby no right action an
actual baby well both of them yes but
the word neural that comes from the the
brain it's like a net of neurons so you
know it's like the yeah humans are the
you know yeah so when you're programming
artificial intelligence were you working
with artificial intelligence art are
they specifically trying to mimic the
developmental process of a human brain
in a lot of ways there's some ways that
are different yeah you're an analogy
that's often used is like you know we we
don't make a submarine swim like a fish
but we take the principles of how you
know what would hydrodynamics and
applied them to a submarine I've always
wondered as a layperson do you try to
achieve the same results as a human
brain but through different methods or
do you try to copy the way a human brain
achieves results I mean the essential
elements of an AI neural net are really
very very similar to a human brain
neural net yeah having the multiple
layers of neurons and
you had a backpropagation these all
these things are what your brain does
you know it's a yeah you have you have a
layer of neurons that goes through a
series of intermediate steps to
ultimately cognition and that and then
it'll reverse those steps go back and
forth and go all over the place
it's um yeah
it's interesting very interesting yeah I
would imagine like the thought of
programming something that is eventually
going to be smarter than us that one day
it's gonna be like why did you do it
that way like when artificial
intelligence sentient they're like oh
you tried to mimic yourself like this so
much better process cut out all this
nonsense
they're like so they're elements that
are the same but just looks like like an
aircraft does not fly like a bird right
yeah it doesn't flap its wings but the
wings the way the wings work and
generate lift is the same as bird now
you're in the middle of this this
strange time where you're selling your
houses you say you don't want any
material possessions and haven't seen
all that and I've been really excited to
talk to you about this yeah because it's
an interesting thing to come from a guy
like yourself like why are you doing
that I'm slightly sad about it actually
but look if you're sad about it why are
you doing it I think I think possessions
kind of weigh you down then they're kind
of an attack vector
you know you'll say hey billionaire you
got all this stuff like well I'm downer
stuff now what were you gonna do attack
vector meaning like people targeted yeah
mmm interesting yeah but you're
obviously gonna so you're gonna rent a
place yeah okay and get rid of
everything that's up close no I said
like almost everything so it's like keep
a couple Tesla's yeah house kind of have
to yeah that's product and stuff um yeah
there's things that have sentimental
value for sure keeping those here yeah
so do you feel like
is what's worse think it happen okay
fine yeah yeah you could always buy more
stuff if you don't like it supposed to
yeah I mean from the money that you sell
all your stuff you could buy new stuff
but do you feel like people define you
by the fact that you're you're wealthy
and that they define you in a pejorative
way for sure I mean not on your own but
right you know there's for sure in
recent like you wrote years billionaire
has become a her job you like it's in a
pejorative it's like it's like that's a
bad thing which I mean I think them
doesn't make a lot a lot of sense in
most cases if you if you've done if you
basically organized the company like
kind of how does this wealth arise it's
if you organize people in a in a better
way to produce products and services
that are better than what existed before
and you have some ownership in that
company then that that essentially gives
you the right to allocate more capital
so it is it's that there's a conflation
of consumption and capital allocation so
let me take Warren Buffett for example
and forget totally Frank I'm not his
biggest fan but minoo he does like
capital allocation and he reads a lot of
a lot of sort of annual reports of
companies and what will be counting and
it's pretty boring really
and he's trying to figure out is he does
Coke or Pepsi deserve more capital I
mean that's I mean it's kind of a boring
job if you ask me but you know it's
still a thing that's important to figure
out like which it is a company deserving
of more or less capital should that
company grow or expand is it making
parts and services that are better than
others or worse and you know should you
know if we kind of a company is making
compelling products and services it
should get more capital and if it's not
it should get less well got a business
well there's a big difference - between
someone who's making an incredible
amount of money designing and
engineering fantastic products versus
someone who's making an incredible
amount of money by
investing in companies or moving money
around the stock market or doing things
along those lines it's it's a different
thing and to put them all on the same
category seems it's it's very simple and
as you pointed out it's an attack vector
yeah for sure yeah I mean I think it's
really I I do think they're in the in
the United States especially there's an
over allocation of talent in finance and
law basically too many smart people go
into finance and law so you know this is
both a compliment and a criticism we
should have I think fewer people doing
law and fewer people are doing finance
and more people making stuff yeah yeah
well that would certainly be better for
all involved if they made better stuff
yeah yeah absolutely and and you know
manufacturing used to be highly valued
in in the United States and these days
it's not it's it's often looked down
upon which i think is wrong yeah well I
think that people are kind of learning
that particularly because of this whole
pandemic in this relationship that we
have with China that there's a lot of
value in to making things into making
things here yes somebody's got to do the
real work
yeah you know and you know like making
making a car it's an honest day's esthar
honest day's living that's for sure you
know or making anything really or
providing valuable service
like providing you know get our
entertainment get information that these
are all valuable things to do you know
so yeah it should be more more of it did
you have a moment where is this
something that this idea of getting rid
of your material possessions is
something that built up over time or did
you have a moment of realization where
you realize that yeah I've been thinking
about it for a while you know part of it
is like I like I have a bunch of houses
but I don't spend a lot of time in most
of them and that doesn't seem like a
good use of assets like somebody could
probably be in turn those
houses and get better than me so don't
you have Gene Wilder's house I do that's
amazing that's awesome Wow yes it's
exactly what you'd expect did you
request that the buyer not fuck it up
yeah that's a requirement a requirement
that's a good requirement yeah not in
that case in that house yeah it'll
probably sell fast but still I don't
care he's a legend
I want his soul you'd want his essence
yeah in the building it's and it's there
that's a real quick is it quickie house
yeah what what makes you say it's there
look what do you get out of it I mean
all the all the cabinets are like can't
handmade and they're like odd shapes and
there's like doors to nowhere and
strange like corridors and tunnels and
really odd odd paintings on the wall and
yeah did you ever live in it it's very
quirky yeah I did live in it briefly
yeah but why do you buy houses like if
you own all these houses do you just get
bored and go I think I'd like to have
that well I you know had one house and
then the gene Wilder house right across
the road from me from from my main house
and it was gonna get it was gonna get
sold and then torn down and turned into
you know be a big construction zone for
three years and I was like well I think
I'll buy it and preserve the spirit of
gene water and not have a giant
construction zone and then the you know
I started having like some privacy
issues where like people would like less
people like come to my house and you
know start climbing over the walls and
stuff I don't like man so then I started
like what a house some of the houses
around my house and then I thought at
one point well you know it'd be cool to
to build a house so then I acquired some
properties at the top of Samara Road and
which has got a great view and it's like
okay well these some bunch of sort of
small older houses
they're gonna get torn down anyway I was
like well you know like collect these
like little little houses then I can
build something you know I don't know
artistic like a you know dream house to
everything what's a dream house for Elon
Musk like some Tony Stark type shit yeah
definitely yeah you gotta have the dome
that opens up with the stealth
helicopter and that kind of thing you
know
yeah for sure fuck yeah yeah okay but
but then I was like man do I really what
it doesn't really make sense for me to
spend time designing and building a
house and I'd be real you know get a
like OCD on the little details and the
design and or should I be allocating
that time to getting us to Mars I should
probably do the latter so you know like
what's more important Mars or a house I
like Mars okay is that really how you
think like that I'd be better off
planning on a trip to Mars or getting
people to Mars yeah definitely I mean
you can only do so many things right
right so how you I don't know how you do
what you do anyway I don't understand
how you can run bolt with a boring
company Tesla SpaceX all these different
things you're doing constantly I just
don't understand
I mean you explained last time you were
here how you sort of allocate your time
and and how hectic it is insane
I still don't that the productivity is
baffling just doesn't make sense how you
can get so much done well I think I do
have high productivity but even with
that there's still some opportunity cost
of time and allocating time to building
a house even if it was a really great
house it still is not a good use of time
relative to developing the rockets
necessary to get us to Mars and helping
soil sustainable energy SpaceX and Tesla
are by far you know by the the most
amount of like brain cycles you know
boring company does not take you know
it's like molest 1% of rate cycles and
and then this neural link which is
I don't maybe it's like 5% and then 5%
that's a good chunk it's good job yeah
yeah we were talking about that last
time and you were trying to figure out
when it was actually going to go live
when it's actually going to be available
by testing on people right now no we're
not testing people yet but I I think it
won't be too long I think we may be able
to implant in your link in less than a
year in a person I think and when you do
this is there any test that you have to
do before you do something like this to
to see what percentage of people's
bodies are going to reject these things
is it but is it there is there a
potential for rejection it's a very low
potential for rejection I mean you can
think of it like people put in you know
heart monitors and you know things for
epileptic seizures and deep brain
stimulation obviously like you know
artificial hips and right knees and that
kind of thing so the probability of I
mean like it so it's well known like
what will cost rejection what what will
not it's definitely harder when you've
got something that is rate of reading
and writing neurons it that's that's
generating a current pulse on reading
counter pulses that's just a little
hotter then then it then it's a passive
device but it's still you know very
doable and yeah that there that there
are people who have primitive devices in
their brains right now what kind of
devices I would like deep brain
stimulation is providing for Parkinson's
is has really changed people's lives in
a big way which is kind of remarkable
because we're it kind of like zaps your
brain it's like kicking the TV type of
thing yeah and you think like man
kicking the TV shouldn't work it does
sometimes yeah yeah the old old TVs they
did my grandpa used to slap the top for
sure yeah it would work sometimes
yeah so this deep right simulation I
implanted devices in the brain that have
changed people's lives for the better
like fundamentally well let's talk about
what you can talk about to what neural
link is because the last time you were
here
I really couldn't discuss it and then
there was a I guess a press release
something that sort of ironed yeah that
happened quite a bit after the last time
you were here so what exactly is it how
do you do what what happens if someone
ultimately does get a neural link
installed what will take place well for
version one of the device it would be it
basically
implanted in your skull so but it would
be such a flush with your skull so you
basically take out a chunk of skull
replace put the new relic device in
there you put the the electrode you
didn't sort the electrode threads very
carefully into the brain and and then
you you know stitch it up and and you
wouldn't even know that somebody has and
then and and so then it it can interface
basically anywhere anywhere your brain
so it could be something that you know
helps cure say eyesight like give you
roberto's your eyesight even if you've
like lost your object of type of thing
like really yeah yeah absolutely
hearing absolutely um maybe pretty much
anything that were that it could in
principle fix almost anything that is
wrong with the brain and it could
restore limb functionality so if you've
got an interface into the motor cortex
and then an implant that's say that's
like a microcontroller near muscle
groups you could then create a sort of a
neural shunt that restores somebody who
is a quadriplegic to full functionality
like they can walk around be normal whoa
yeah so maybe slightly better slightly
better over time yes
you mean with future iterations like but
you know
although I states that would be a six
billion dollar so the the hole would be
small how big with the Hobie that you
have to drill and then replace with this
piece there's only one hole well yeah
the device working on right now is about
it's about an inch in diameter and your
skull is pretty thick by the way so
skulls are for sure it might actually
literally I mean pure big if you're a
big guy your skull is actually fairly
thick skulls like it's like seven to
fourteen millimeters so I love a couple
of inches a half-inch no happier six ago
yes so yeah so that that's a fair bit of
like our our we got quite a coconut
going on it's not it's not like some
eggshell oh yeah I believe you
so the yeah basically implant device and
so you would be like a one inch square
one inch in diameter yeah like a so an
inch circle like a circular yeah I think
like a like a SmartWatch or a dearth
okay yeah okay so you take this one inch
a minute
like ice fishing right you ever go ice
fishing no but I'd like to it's great
yeah it's really fun
so you basically take an auger and you
drill it take through the surface of the
ice yeah and you create a small hole I
can dunk your line in there so this is
like that you're ice fishing on the top
of your skull and then you cork it yeah
and you replaced that say one-inch
diameter piece of skull with this arrow
like device and that has a battery and a
Bluetooth and a inductive charger and
then you and
not and then you get in so with the
electrodes so that lectroids very
carefully inserted with our with a robot
that we developed that's look it's you
know very carefully putting in the
electrodes and avoiding you know and any
veins or arteries so it's it doesn't
create trauma so through this one inch
diameter yeah device electrodes be
inserted and they will find
way like tiny wires face tiny wires
anywheres and they'll find their way to
specific areas of the brain to stimulate
no you literally put them where it where
they're supposed to go oh okay yeah you
soon so how long will these wires be I
mean they usually go in like you know
depending on where it is like you know
two or three millimeters so they just
find the spots yeah Wow
and then again they you put the device
in and that that gets that better
replaces the little piece of skull I was
taken out and then you you stitch up the
hole and and you just have a look like a
little scar and that's it well this
would be replaceable or reversible yes
like if someone can't take it I'm too
smart I can't take it
yeah totally and what is the besides
restoring limb function and eyesight and
hearing which are all amazing is there
there any cognitive benefits that you
anticipate from something like those
yeah I mean you could for sure
I mean basically it's a generalized sort
of thing for for fixing any kind of
brain injury in principle like you've
you or if you've got like like severe
epilepsy or something like that it could
it could just gets just sort of stop the
episode epilepsy from occurring like you
could detect it in real time and then
fire a counter pulse and stop the
epilepsy if I mean there's a whole range
of brain injuries I could people someone
gets a stroke they could lose the
ability to speak into that battle
spectacle so we've fixed so she could
get like stroke damage or if you lose
say you know muscle control over part of
your face or something like that I think
and then when you get old you tend to if
you get like you know Alzheimer's or
something like that then you lose memory
and that this could help you with you
know restoring your memory like I think
we're storing memory and what what is
happening that's allowing it to do that
like the wires these small wires yeah
stimulating these areas of the brain and
then is it that the areas of the brain
are there they're losing some sort of
electrical force like what it what is
happening yeah yeah it's like to think
of us like a bunch of circuits and
there's some like circuits that are
broken and we can like fix those
circuits it substitute for those
circuits circuits and so a specific
frequency will go through this yeah just
a specific in that we is the process
figuring out how much or how little has
to be how much these areas of the brain
have to be juiced up yeah I mean there's
still a lot of work to do so when I say
you know we've got a shot at probably
putting in a person in you know a it was
in a year I think that's well that's
exactly what I mean I think we have a
chance of putting input into one and
having them having them be healthy and
and restoring some functionality that
they've lost
the fear is that eventually they're
gonna have to cut the whole top
someone's head off and put a new top
with a whole bunch of wires if you want
to get you know the real turbocharged
version the P 100 D of brain stimulation
I mean ultimately if you if you want to
go with full AI symbiosis you'll
probably want to do something like that
symbiosis is a scary word when it comes
to AI it's optional I would hope so
yeah it's just I mean once you enjoy the
dr. Manhattan lifestyle once once you
become a God seems very very unlikely
you're gonna want to go back to being
stupid again I mean you literally could
fundamentally change the way human
beings interface with each other yes yes
you wouldn't need to talk
[Laughter]
I'm so scared of that but so excited
about at the same time is that weird
yeah I mean the I think this is one of
the paths to you know I think like what
a like a is getting better and better so
now let's assume it's sort of like a
benign ni scenario even in a benign
scenario we're kind of left behind you
know we're not we're not along for the
ride we're just too dumb right so so how
do you go along for the ride and so you
can't beat them join them
so and we're already we're already a
sidewalk to some degree right cuz you've
got your phone you got your laptop
closes yeah yeah Ghidorah your
electronic devices yeah and I mean we're
today if your phone if you if you don't
bring your phone along it's like you
have missing limb syndrome it's like you
know feels like something's but really
really missing so we're already partly
partly a partly a cyborg or a iesson
buyout essentially it's just that the
data rate to the electronics is slow so
it's very specially output like you're
just going with your thumbs and I mean
like what's your data rate
maybe optimistically a hundred bits per
second that's being generous and now the
computer can can't communicate at it
like you know 100 100 terabytes so so it
certainly you know get gigabits or a
trivial at this point so this is like
you know basically you can your computer
could do not do things a million times
faster or at a certain point it's like
talking there's like talking to a tree
okay just boring you talk to a tree it's
not very entertaining so so if you if
you can solve the data rate issue and
you're especially I put
input - then you can improve the
symbiosis that is already occurring
between man and machine so you can
improve it in what when you said you
won't have to talk to each other anymore
we should joke around about that I've
joked around about that a million times
in this podcast that one day in the
future there's gonna come a time where
you can read each other's minds and well
you'll be able to interface with each
other in some sort of a nonverbal not
non-physical way where you will transfer
data back and forth to each other
without having to actually use your
mouth yeah exactly so when you like what
happens when you like let's say you've
got some complex idea that you're trying
to convey to somebody else and how do
you do that well your brain spends a lot
of effort compressing a complex concept
into words and there's a there's a lot
of a lot of loss an information loss
that occurs when compressing a complex
concept into words and then you say
those words those words are then
interpreted then they're decompressed by
the person who is listening and they
they will it best get a very incomplete
understanding of what you're trying to
convey it's very difficult to convey a
complex concept with precision because
you've got compression decompression you
may not even have heard all the woods
correctly and so communication is
difficult what we have here is a failure
to communicate Luke yes there's an
interpretation factor to like you can
choose to interpret certain series of
words in in different ways and they're
dependent upon tone dependent upon
social cues even facial expressions
sarcasm there's a lot of variables
sarcasm is difficult yes yeah and so
when I'm one of the things that I've
said it's like that there could be
potentially a universal language that's
created through computers that
particularly young kids would pick up
very quickly like my kids do tick-tock
and all this jazz and I don't know what
they're doing they just know how to do
it and
know how to do it really quickly like
they learn really quickly they show me
how to edit things and yeah it's if you
taught a child from first grade on how
to use some new universal language I
mean essentially like a rosetta stone
and something that's done with that
interprets your thoughts and you can
convey your thoughts with no room for
interpretation with clear very clear
where you know what a person saying and
you can tell them what you're saying and
there's no need for noises no need for
mouth noises no need for yes these sort
of accepted ways that we've sort of
evolved to make sounds that we all agree
we through our cultural district Marian
Wright we agree or certain we could
bypass all that yeah you can still do it
for four fundamental reasons right like
campfires yeah exactly
I don't need campfires I don't need to
roast marshmallows was fun so yeah yeah
I think you would in principle you would
be able to communicate very quickly and
with far more precision ideas and and
language would I'm not sure what would
happen to language but you could
probably get within a situation like
this that you would be able to just
kinda like the matrix you want to speak
it of language no problem
right that's why it was to download the
program right so at least for the first
iterations first few iterations we'll
just be able to use like I know that
Google has their some of their pixel
buds have the ability to interpret
languages in real time sure yeah you can
hear it and it'll play things back to
you and whatever language you choose so
to be something along those lines
yeah for the first few iterations well
the first few iterations are about what
I'm talking about it's like in the limit
over time you know with a lot of
development the first few iterations
really in the first few versions all
we're gonna be trying to do is it's all
pair brain injuries um
so it's like don't don't worry that
there's not gonna sneak up on you
because this this will take a while how
many years before you don't have to talk
if the if the development continues to
accelerate then maybe like five years
five to ten years that's quick that's
really quick that's the best-case
scenario no talking anymore
in five years best-case scenario ma'am
tens more like it
I've always speculated that aliens could
potentially be us in the future because
if you look at like the size their heads
and the fact that they have very little
muscle and then they don't use their
mouth anymore they was tiny well I mean
the archetypal ain't alien that you see
in like Close Encounters of the Third
Kind they they're like if you went from
like Australia Pittacus or ancient
hominid to us what's the difference less
hair less muscle bigger head and then
just keep going thousand a million
whatever your or five years whatever it
whatever happens when neural link goes
on online and then we slowly start to
adapt to this new way of being where we
don't use our muscles anymore we have
this gigantic head we can talk without
words you could also save state and save
state save state like save your brain
state like like a save game in a video
game whoa like like if you want to swap
from Windows 95
well yeah I think we are Windows 95
right now future perspective probably
but yeah I mean you you could save state
and restore that state into a biological
being if you if you wanted to in the
future I'm principal is like knowing
like for physics standpoint that
prevents us now you'd be a little
different but then you're also a little
different when you wake up in the
morning from yesterday and you're a
little different in fact if you say like
you five years ago versus you today is
quite a big difference yes so
you'd be substantially you I mean you'd
be you'd certainly think you're you but
the idea of saving yourself and then
transforming that into some sort of a
biological state like you could hang out
with 30 year old you I mean the
possibilities are endless
[Laughter]
I mean these things think like how your
phone can you can record videos on your
phone like there's no way you could
remember a video right as accurately as
your phone or a camera you know could so
if you've got like it you know some some
yep
version 10 your link whatever in far in
the future you could you could remote
you could recall everything but just
like it's a movie critic including all
the entire sensory experience emotions
everything everything everything and
play it back thank you she added it yeah
so you can change your past you could
change what do you think was your fast
yeah well so if you had like a stressful
thing right now could be a replayed
memory it could be yeah it may be what's
the odds of this being a replayed memory
you had a guess it's more than 50%
there's no way to assign a probability
with accuracy here right but roughly if
you just had a just gut instinct well I
don't happen you were linked in my brain
so I say right now is your a percent but
at the point of what you do have in your
link then it rises above 0% the idea
that we're experiencing some sort of a
preserved memory is even though it's
still the same it's not comforting right
for some reason when people talk about
simulation theory they talk about the
potential for this currently being a
simulation it's even though your life
might be wonderful you might be in love
you might love your career you might
have great friends but it's not
comforting to know that this experience
somehow or another doesn't exist in a
material
you can knock on feels real to feels
real but but if it's not but the idea
that it's not is for some strange reason
disconcerting what yeah I'm sure
should be disconcerting because then if
this is not real what is well but but
the you know there's that old sort of
thought experiment of like how do you
know you're not a brain-in-a-vat you
know right now here's the thing you are
a brain an event then that faddish your
skull yes and everything you see feel
hear and what everything all your senses
our electrical signals everything
everything is an electrical signal to to
arraign an event where the batteries
rose gold and all your hormones all you
neurotransmitters all these things are
drugs adrenaline is a drug
dopamine's a drug you're a drug factory
they're constantly changing your state
with love and oxytocin and and beauty
sure changes your state great music
changes your state absolutely and yet
here's another sort of interesting idea
which is because you say like where did
consciousness arise well assuming you
believe the belief in physics which
appears to be true then you know we the
universe started off as basically quarks
and leptons and quickly became hydrogen
and helium lithium like basically
elements the periodic table like mostly
hydrogen basically and then and then
over a long period of time you know 13.8
billion years later that hydrogen became
sentient but so where along the way that
concha where isn't that consciousness
what's the line of consciousness and not
consciousness between hydrogen and here
right when do we call it when do we call
it consciousness I was watching a video
today that we played on a podcast
earlier of a monkey riding a motorcycle
down the street jumps off the motorcycle
and tries to steal a baby yeah so that
one it
what is that monkey conscious it seems
like it is seems like it had a plan it
was riding a fucking motorcycle and then
jumped off the motorcycle tries to steal
a baby seemed pretty the one that just
subtract baby down the street pretty far
yeah yeah
seems pretty conscious right that's
definitely some degree of consciousness
there yeah it's not like it's not a worm
it seems to be on another level yeah and
it's gonna keep going and that that's
the real concern when when people think
about the potential future versions of
human beings especially when you
consider symbiotic relationship to
artificial intelligence it will be
unrecognizable that one day will be so
far removed from what this is we'll look
back on this the way we look back now on
you know simple simple organisms that we
evolved from and then it won't be that
far in the future that we do have this
this view back well I hope consciousness
propagates into the future and gets more
more sophisticated and complex and and
that understands the questions to ask
about the universe do you think that's
the case as a human being as yourself
you're clearly trying to make conscious
decisions to be a better version of you
right this is the idea of like getting
rid of your possessions and realizing
that you're trying to like I don't like
this I will try to improve this I would
try to do a better version of the way I
interface with reality that this is
always the way things are if you're if
you're moving in a some sort of a
direction where you're trying to improve
things you're always gonna move into
this new place we look back in the old
place and go I was doing it wrong back
then so this is an accelerated version
of that yes super accelerated version of
that I mean you don't always improve but
you can aspire to improve you can aspire
to be less wrong yeah it was like I
think it good the tools of physics are
very powerful like just to see me wrong
and your astral goal is to be less wrong
I don't think you're gonna if you
succeed every day and being less wrong
but you know
if you can't succeed in being less wrong
most the time you're doing great
that's a great way of putting it aspire
to be less wrong but then when you know
people look back in nostalgia about
simpler times there's that too it's very
romantic and exciting to look back on
campfires because they'll have a
campfire yes yeah but we appreciate it
when you're a super nerd when you're
connected to the grid and you have some
skullcap and it's in place of the top of
your head and it's interfacing with the
international language that the rest of
the universe now enjoys communication
with people and we're yeah sure right
that thinks oh yeah I like at first I'm
just worried I mean everyone's always
scared of change but I'm scared of this
monumental change where we won't we
won't talk anymore I mean that thing yes
but that's there's something about
there's something about the beauty of
the crudeness of language where when
it's done eloquently it's it's it's
satisfying and it hits us in some sort
of a visceral way like oh that person
nailed it
I love that they nailed it like that
it's so hard to capture a real thought
and convey it in a way this articulate
way that makes someone a great quote by
a wise person it makes you excited that
their mind figured something out put the
words together in a write with it makes
your brain pop like oh yes yeah yes
clever compression of a concept yeah and
a feeling but the fact that a human did
it - yeah do you think that it'll be
like electronic music like people won't
appreciate it like they appreciate a
slide guitar
I like electronic music I do - yeah
while you make it I know you like art
yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean I hope you're
sure it's more fun and interesting and
we should try to make that way I hope
it's more fun and interesting - yeah I
just you know I just hope you don't lose
anything along the way when I lose
little obviously we gain more than lose
yeah that's the thing right gave me more
than we lose like
something that makes us interesting is
that we're so flawed I stopped for sure
alright yeah I mean you look at
civilization through the ages most of
them you know they rose and fell yeah
and I do think like the globalization
that that we have at these sort of like
the the mean sphere is there's there's
not enough isolation between countries
or regions it's like if you get up if
there's a mind virus that that mind
virus cannot infect too much of the
world you know like I actually sort of
some ties with the anti-globalization
people because it's like man we don't
ever want to everywhere it'll be the
same for sure and and then we we need
some kind of like mind viral immunity so
that's it's a bit concerning mind viral
immunity meaning that once something
like neural link gets established the
real concern is something that mean you
said it's Bluetooth right or some future
version of that that the idea is that
something could possibly get into it
fuck it up no I'm talking about like
somebody there's some cockeyed concept
that that's happened that happens right
right now mm-hmm
y know this viruses and embedded chips
right like people have they've embedded
chips and then acquired viruses that
what I'm talk about in mind voice I'm
talking about like a cake concept of
that it affects people's minds oh okay
okay
like cult thinking or yeah I'm sort of
fundamentalism yeah wrong had an idea
that yes goes viral in a an idea sense
mm-hmm well that is that that is a
problem too right if someone can
manipulate that technology to make
something appear logical or rational
yeah yeah that would it would that be an
issue to with this is a very have versus
have-nots issue right once this thing if
this really does I'm
initially it's going to help people with
with injuries and but you said
ultimately it could lead to this
spectacular cognitive change yes but the
people that first get it should have us
a massive advantage over people that
don't have it yet well I mean it's the
kind of thing where your productivity
would improve
I don't know dramatically maybe by a
factor of 10 with it
so you could definitely just you know I
don't know take out a loan and do it and
earn earn the money back real fast yeah
super smart but in a capitalist society
you know you could it seems like you
could really get so far ahead that
before everybody else could afford this
thing and link up and get connected as
well you'd be so far how they could
never catch you is that a concern uh
well I think the I'm just not a super
huge concern I mean there are huge
differences in cognitive ability and and
resources already yeah I mean you can
think of a corporation as like a
cybernetic collective that's far smarter
than an individual like III couldn't
personally build like a whole rocket and
and the engines and launch it and
everything that's impossible
but you know we have 8,000 people with
SpaceX and you like piecing it out to
different people and using like
computers and machines and stuff we can
make lots of rockets launched at all but
duck with the space station and that
kind of thing you know so that already
exists where this you know where those
corporations are vastly more capable
than an individual but the the yeah like
we should be I think less concerned
about like relative capabilities between
people and more like they're having AI
be vastly you know beyond us and
decoupled from human will decoupled from
humans
so this is the if you can't beat them
join them yeah I mean so you feel like
it's inevitable like a sentient AI is
essentially inevitable super sentient AI
yeah look beyond a level that's
difficult to understand and impossible
Tarzan probably and somehow or another
us so it's almost like it's a
requirement for survival to achieve some
sort of symbiotic existence with AI it's
not a requirement it's just if you if
you want to be along for the ride then
you need to do some kind of symbiosis so
the way your brain works right now
you've got kind of like the animal brain
reptile brain kind of lets frogs they
like the limbic system basically and
you've got the cortex now that the brain
purists will argue with this definition
but essentially you've got the primitive
brain and you've got the the sort of
smart brain or the brain that's capable
of planning and understanding concepts
and different difficult you know things
that a monkey can't understand now the
your cortex is much much smarter than
your limbic system nonetheless they work
together well so I haven't met anyone
who wants to delete their limbic system
or the cortex they're people quite happy
having both so we can think about this
as being like that the computer the AI
is it's like a third layer of tertiary
layer so that is like that could be
symbiotic with the cortex if we much
smarter than the cortex but you
essentially have three layers and you
actually have that right now your phone
is capable of things and your computer
is capable things that your brain is
definitely not you know storing the
terabytes of information perfectly
doing incredible calculations that you
know we couldn't even come close to
doing you have that with your computer
it's just like I said the data rate is
slow your the connection is weak why is
it so disconcerting or why is it why
does it not give me comfort to think
about like when I think about a
symbiotic connection to AI I always
think of this cold emotionless sort of
thing that we will become is that a bad
way to look at it I don't think that's
that's not quick that's not how it would
be it likes it you you already are yeah
sabbatic with AI or computers phones
computers laptops yeah and this this
quite a bit of AI going on you know so
artificial neural Nets increasingly
neural nets are sort of taking over from
regular programming more and more so you
are connected you know if you use Google
Voice or Alexa or one of those things
it's using a neural net to decode your
speech and try understand what you're
saying you know if you're trying to
image recognition or improve the quality
of photograph it's it's using the neuron
that's the best way to do that so you
are already sort of it's sort of a
cybernetics my oat it like said you know
it's just a question of your data rate
the the communication speed between your
phone and your brain is slow when do you
think you're gonna do it how long will
you wait like once it starts becoming
available yeah if it works I'll do it
sure right away I mean let's make sure
it works how do we make sure it works we
try it on prisoners like what do you do
no no rapists no cut holes in their head
I like said if somebody's got a serious
brain injury right and there you know
people have like very severe brain
injuries then and then you can fix those
those brain injuries and you know then
you prove out that it works and you all
Bluff expand and
make me more and more brain injuries it
sold more and more and then you know
certainly at certain age we will are
gonna get Alzheimer's we're all gonna
get senile and then you know mom's
forget the names their kids and that
kind of thing and so you know dude it's
like you said okay well you know this
would allow you to remember your names
of your kids and and have a normal
they're a much more normal life where
you you you were able to function much
later in life so I think that so
essentially that there would almost
everyone would find a need at some point
if if you get old enough to use in your
own your link and and and then it's like
okay so we can improve the functionality
and improve the communications to
communication speed so then you will not
have to use your thumbs to communicate
with the computer do you ever sit down
extrapolate do you ever that like sit
down and think about all the different
iterations of this and what this
eventually leads to yeah sure think
about a lot there's like said this is
not something it's gonna sneak up on you
you know there's like getting FDA
approval for this stuff is not like
overnight you know and this this I mean
we probably have to be on like version
10 or something before you know you it
it would realistically be you know a
human a ice and bio situation it see it
coming you know you see it coming but
what do you think it's gonna be like
when you sit when you're alone if you
have free time I don't know if you have
free time but if you just sit down and
think about this iteration the next
onward keep going and you drag it out
with improvements along the way and
leaps and bounds and technological
innovations and where do you see it what
are we gonna be a
and 2025 years from now what are we
gonna be
well assuming civilization is still
around it's looking fragile right now I
think we I think we could have a 25
years probably something I would think
there could be a whole brain interface a
whole brain interface so I'm pretty
close to that yeah how does how do you
define what do you mean by whole brain
interface like almost all the neurons
are connected to your these sort of AI
extension of yourself if you want AI
extension of yourself yeah what does
that mean to you like when you say AI
extension of yourself well you like said
you already have a computer extension of
yourself in your phone you know and
computers and stuff so and now online
it's like somebody dies there's like an
online ghost that there get their stole
their online stuff is yeah
it's alive that's a good way to put it
is weird when you read someone's tweets
have their dad yeah yeah Instagram and
their stories and yeah whatever Facebook
it's not you know like you know it's
like an online ghost that's very
accurate yeah so yeah so that there's it
would just be that that more of you
would be in the cloud I guess then in
your body
or if it more of you Wow
now when you say civilizations fragile
do you mean because of this covet 19
shit that's going on right now what's
that it's this thing you know it's like
some people just get a copy over other
people it gets much worse sure yeah well
yeah
I mean this certainly has taken over the
mind space of the world to a degree that
is quite shocking yeah well I don't know
where that's what's crazy it's like you
go back to November nothing now here we
are December January February March
April May six months totally different
world
so from nothing to everything's locked
down there's so much conflicting
information and conflicting opinions
about how to proceed what what has
happened you you find things where there
was a meatpacking plant
I believe in Missouri where 300 plus
people or asymptomatic tested positive
ray symptomatic and then in other places
it just ravages entire communities and
kills people and it's it's so weird
it almost appears on the outlook if you
didn't know any better you'd be like
what it seems like there's a bunch of
different viruses doesn't seem like it's
the same thing or has a bunch of
different reactions to the biological
variety of people yeah I mean I I kind
of sold this whole thing play out in
China before it played out in the u.s.
so it's kind of like watching the same
movie again but in English yeah
I might I think the thievery that the
mortality rate is is much less than what
is then what say the World Health
Organization said it was it's very much
much less acai probably at least order
of magnitude less well it it seems to be
very deadly to very specific kinds of
people and people with specific problems
yeah I mean if you're you can look at
the mortality statistics you know by age
and whether they have come whatever it
come over it is like do they have like
basically existing conditions and by age
and you know if you're
below 60 and and have no serious health
issues the probability of death is
extremely low it's not zero but it's
extremely low they didn't think that
this was the case though when they first
started to lock down the country do you
think that it's a situation where once
they've proceeded in a certain way it's
very difficult to correct course that's
most like people really wanted a panic
quite quite crazy but in some places a
panic is deserved right look if you're
in the ICU in Manhattan and people are
dying left and right and everyone's on
into baiters and it's a when you see all
these people on ventilators and so many
of them are dying and you see these
nurses are dying and doctors are getting
sick in some places that fear is
justified but then in other places
you're you're reading these stories
about hospitals that are essentially
half-empty they're they're having to
furlough doctors and nurses because
there's no work for them most of the
hospitals in the United States right now
half-empty or in some cases they're at
30% capacity and is this because they've
decided to forgo elective procedures and
and and normal things that people would
have to go to the hospital for yes I
mean and we're not talking about just
some of these elective procedures are
quite important yeah it's like you have
a bad heart disease yeah sure and you
need a you know triple bypass it's like
sort of elective but if you don't get it
done in time it's you're gonna die
yeah it's electives weird word elective
it's not like hey I wanna there's no
like plastic surgeries like it's more
like like my my hip is I'm an extreme
pain because my my hips blown out or my
knee and I don't want to go to the
hospital I can't go to the hospital to
you know people in extreme pain feel
that need a kidney you know like people
have to have like quite serious issues
that are choosing not to go out of fear
so I think it's it's a problem good it's
C
like the state of public perception is
shifting it is like people are taking
some deep breaths and relaxing and
because of the statistics of I mean and
and essentially across the board it's
being recognized that it's not as fatal
as we thought it was still danger is
still worse than the flu but not as bad
as we thought or are we feared it could
be I'm an objectively the mortality is
as much lower like at least a factor of
10 maybe a factor of 50 lower than
initially thought do you think that the
current way we're handling this the
social distancing the mass the locking
down is it does this make sense is it
adequate or do you think that we should
move back to at least closer to where we
used to be well I think proper hygiene
is a good thing no matter what you know
wash your hands and you know and if
you're if you're coughing stay home or
wear a mask is not good you know if I
could do that in Japan that's like
normal if you're if you're Lu you wear a
face mask and you know cough on people I
think that that would be a great thing
to to adopt in general throughout the
world and for washing your hands also
good well that's the speculation why men
get it more than women because men are
disgusting we don't want it are just
it's true it's true gross ass go to the
restroom because my nine-year-old
daughter yells at me just did you wash
your hands
she makes me go back and wash my hands
mmm she's right nine years I've had a
nine-year-old boy do you think you'd
care I wouldn't give a fuck if I wash my
hands
sure so I think that there's this to
play some silver linings here then in
improved you know hygiene yeah and an
awareness of potential yes and I think
this has shaken up the the system
systems like somewhat moribund with
blood layers layers of bureaucracy and I
think that we've you know cut through
some of that bureaucracy and if we you
know some
point there probably will be a pandemic
with with a with a high mortality rate
you know that was a debate about like
what's high but I mean like something
that's killing a lot of twenty-year-old
would say like we're like it's yes if
you had like Ebola type of mortality
Spanish flu something yeah actually just
him some healthy people yeah yeah
no but it's a yeah like like killing
large numbers of young healthy people
that that's you know defined that as
like high mortality then that this is at
least practice for something like that
and I think there's this you know given
it's just a matter a matter of time that
there will be eventually some some such
pandemic do you think that in a sense
the one good thing that we might get out
of this is the realization that this is
a potential reality that we got lucky in
the sense I mean in people that didn't
get lucky and died of course I'm not
disrespecting their death and their loss
but I'm saying overall as a culture as a
community as a human race as a community
this is not as bad as it could have been
this is a good dry run for us to to
appreciate that
we need far more resources dedicated
towards the the understanding these
diseases what to do in the case of
pandemic and much more money that goes
to funding treatments and and some
preventative measures yeah absolutely
and I think I think there's a good
chance I it's highly likely I think
coming out of this that we will develop
vaccines that we didn't have before
for corona viruses and other other
viruses and and possibly it cures for
for these and our understanding of
viruses of this nature has improved
dramatically because of the attention
that it's received so there's definitely
some you know a lot of silver linings
here and potentially if we add correctly
yeah yeah yeah there's I think you
there will be some amount of lightning
here no matter what hopefully more
purpose of lighting up and less yeah so
yeah this is this is a looks like kind
of like a practice run for something had
that that had a potential that might in
the future have a serious like a really
high mortality rate and we kind of got
to go through this with without without
it being something that kills you know
vast numbers of young healthy people
yeah when you made a series of tweets
recently you know I don't remember the
exact wording but essentially we're
saying free America now like let's think
that putting that is it thank you but
the you know what was how much do you
pay attention to the response to that
stuff and what was a response like did
did anybody mean what the fuck you doing
did anybody pull yourself who does that
who gets to do that to you
well I mean I certainly get that there's
no shortage of negative feedback on
Twitter war zone you do sometimes though
right you do read it yeah I mean I
scroll through the comments like says
mean war zone yeah I mean people knife
you're good and it's something I enjoy
about that just there's a something
about the the freedom of expression that
comes from all these people that do
attack you it's like well they if there
was no vulnerability whatsoever they
wouldn't attack you and there it's like
there's something about these millions
and millions of perspectives they you
you have to you have to appreciate even
if it comes your way even if the shit
storm hits you in the face sure you
gotta appreciate wow how amazing is it
that all these people do have the
ability to express themselves you
doesn't don't necessarily want to be
there when the shit hits you sure you
might want to get out of the way in
anticipation of the shitstorm but the
fact that so many people have the
ability to reach out and I think it's in
a lot of ways it's a
I want to say a misused resource but
it's like giving monkeys guns did you
start they start gunning down things in
front of them without any realization of
what they're doing they have a rock they
see a window they throw it whoa look at
that I got you on mad look at that
this guy got mad at me this this I
fucking took this person down on Twitter
I got this lady fired oh the fucking
business is going under because of
Twitter wars it seems like there's
something about it that's his new-found
thing that I want to say abuse but just
I want to say that it's almost like you
know you hit the button that things blow
up you're like wow this is what else can
we blow up sure I mean I've been in the
Twitter war zone for a while here so you
know I take it takes a lot to to faze me
at this point yeah that's meant to write
like you develop a thick skin
yeah you can't take it personally I have
a little too cool and I can actually
know you you know yeah it's just like
you know so it's like if you're if
you're fighting a war and there's like
some opposing soldier that that shoots a
shoots at you there's not like they hate
you they don't even know you right yeah
yeah so I'm just thinking like that like
that fire and bullets or whatever but
they don't know you so don't take it
personally there's something interesting
about it too it's like like when you
write something in you know 280
characters and they write something into
it it's such a crude way it's like you
know someone saying sending opposing
smoke signals there were a few your
smoke signals it's like it's so crude
and especially when you're talking about
something like neuro-link
he's talking about some future potential
where you're gonna be able to express
pure thoughts that get get conveyed
through some sort of a universal
language with no ambiguity whatsoever
versus you know tweets well there'll
always be someone big you 'ti but yeah
it tweets or it's hard like that maybe
there should be like your sarcasm flag
or something right right or
I'm not you know just kidding or
whatever you know looked at you know
that's like it would take away some of
the fun from people that know it sarcasm
like if everybody knew that the onion
wasn't review sent people articles yeah
it is something about someone getting
angry and an onion article wow that's
amazing
you know I mean where they don't realize
what it is there's something fun about
that for everybody else yeah I think
it's pretty great it might be the best
new source do you know who did Tonia
McGrath is hilarious it's a Andrew Boyle
he's a British fellow a brilliant guy
who's been on the podcast before and he
has this fictional character this
pseudonym - Tonia McGrath who's like
this alt the ultimate social justice
warrior it's just like a heaven a female
avatar that's actually a computer
conglomeration of a bunch of faces okay
it's not really one person so one person
can't be a victim and be angry you sort
of combine these faces to make this one
perfect social justice more okay but the
thing I recognized it early on before I
met him sure that this was parodied this
is this was just fun and then I love
reading the people that don't recognize
that they get angry sure and they're
really really like there's a lot of
people that just get really furious sure
about some of them
there's some fun to that there's some
fun to the not picking up on the the the
true nature of the signal I find Twitter
quite engaging how do you have the time
white I mean it's like five minutes
every couple of hours type of thing so
like I said on all day but even five
minutes every couple hours if those are
bad five minutes they might be bouncing
around in your head for the next 30 yeah
you have to you know like said take
certain amount of distance from you read
this and like okay it's bullets being
fired by an opposing army that you know
don't like it's not like they like they
know you it's like don't take it
personally did you feel the same way
when when CNN had that stupid shit about
ventilators with you I found that both
confusing and that was annoying it was
annoying but it's also annoying as a
person who reads CNN and wants to think
of them as a responsible conveyor of the
facts I think that yeah I don't think
CNN is that I think you used to be used
to be yeah like what he thinks the the
best source of just like information out
there that's a good question you know
like a let's say you just like average
citizens trying to just get the facts
you know figure out what's going on like
you know how to live your life and you
know just looking for what's going on in
the world that it's hard to find
something that that isn't you know yeah
that's that that's good
yeah no but you know I'm not trying to
push some partisan angle not trying to
not sort of an Excel IV reporting and
and just aim it for the most number of
clicks and trying to maximize ad dollars
and that kind of thing yeah
you just trying to figure out what's
going on it's like I'm hard pressed to
where do you go I don't know I don't
think there's any pure form I'm my
favorite places are the New York Times
and the LA Times and I don't trust them
100%
you know because also there's
individuals that are writing these
stories exactly and that seems to be the
problems these individual biases and
these individual the there's purposely
distorted perceptions and then there's
ignorant Lee reported facts and there's
so many variables and you got to put
everything through this filter of
where's this person coming from do they
have political biases do they have
social biases do they are they are they
upset because of their own shortcomings
and they are they projecting this into
the story so it's so hard yeah I think
like maybe just trying to find
individual reporters that you think are
good and yeah kind of falling damn as
opposed to publication I go with
whatever Matt Taibbi says okay I trust
him more than anybody all right Matt
Taibbi is onto something I just he's as
far as investigative reporters in
particular
the way he reported the savings and loan
crisis the way he reports everything I
just I just listen to him
above most above moe he's my go-to guy
I'll check it out it's as Rolling Stones
articles or his his stuff on the savings
and loan crisis just like what in the
fuck sure you know and he wasn't you
know he's not an economist by any
stretch of the imagination so he had a
really sort of deeply embedded in that
world to try to understand it and to be
able to report on it and was also with a
humorous flair from now that's nice yeah
yeah there's not that many of them
there's hard and not a location we're
like we are no bullshit sorry you know
we are no bullshit calm like the one
place where you can say this is what we
know this is what we don't know this is
what we think not this person's wrong
and here's why like oh god damn it
you know I can't you you don't know
there's a lot of stuff that is open to
interpretation yeah this this particular
coronavirus issue that we're dealing
with right now seems to be a great
illuminator of that very fact is that
there's so much data and there's this
there's so much as open to interpret
there's so many thing because it's all
happening in real time right and like
particularly right now in California
we're in stage two tomorrow or Friday
two days from now stage two retail
stores opening up things are changing
like what no one knows the correct
process that needs to take place to save
the most amount of lives but yet ensure
that our our culture and that our our
economy survives it's a lot of
speculation and guessing but if you go
to certain places they'll tell you we
know why and we know this and we know
it's hard yeah I mean in general I think
that's like we should be concerned about
anything that's a massive infringement
on our civil liberties yes you know so
it's like you got to put a lot of weight
on that yeah people a lot of people died
too you know when independence with the
country and fight for
the democracy that we have and you know
we should treasure that and not and not
give up our liberties too easily I think
we think we probably did that actually
well I'd like what you said when you
said that it should be a choice and that
to require people to stay home require
people to not go to work required and to
to arrest people for trying to make a
living this all seems wrong and I think
it's a wrong approach it's a it's a
you're you're it's an infantile ization
of the society daddy's gonna tell you
what to do fundamentally a violation of
the Constitution yeah freedom of
assembly and you know it's just I mean I
don't think these things stand up in
court really they're arresting people
for protesting yeah yeah because they're
protesting and violating social
distancing and these mandates that tell
people that they have to stay home yeah
this these were these were definitely
not stand-up you know if the Supreme
Court here I mean it's obviously a
complete violation right yeah yeah and
again this is not in any way
disrespecting the people who have died
from this disease it's certainly a real
thing to think of yeah I mean it's it
just should be if you're if you're at
risk you should not be compelled to
leave your house right or leave a place
of safety but you should also not be if
you're not at risk or if you are at risk
and you wish to take a risk with your
life you should have the right to do
that and it seems like at this point in
time particularly our resources we best
served protecting the people that are at
risk versus penalizing the people that
are not at high risk for living their
life the way they did particularly
having a career and and making a living
and feeding your family paying your
bills keeping your store open keeping
your restaurant open yes I mean there's
there's a strong strong downside to this
yeah so yeah I'm just believe like if
this is a free country you should be you
know a lot allowed to do you know what
you want so long as it does not endanger
others but that's the thing right people
this is the argument they will bring up
like you are in the
during others you should stay home for
the people that that you even if you're
fine even if you know you're gonna be
okay
there's certain people that will not be
okay because of your actions
they might get exposed to this thing
that we don't have a vaccine for we
don't have universally accepted
treatment for and then we need to
there's two arguments right the one
argument is we need to keep going
protect the weak protect the sick but
let's open up the economy the other
argument is stop placing money over
human lives and let's shelter in place
until we come up with some sort of a
decision and let's figure out some way
to develop some sort of a universal
income Universal basic income plan or
something like that to feed people
during the during this time oh yes
transition I think yeah yeah as I said
right there my pay is if somebody wants
to stay home they should stay home
I've said something doesn't want stay
home they should not be compelled to
stay home that's my opinion do you think
if somebody doesn't like that well
that's my opinion
so the now yeah the this notion though
that you you know you can just sort of
send checks out everybody and and things
will be fine it's not true obviously the
there's some people have this absurd
like view that the economy is like some
magic horn of plenty like it just makes
stuff stuff you know what it just
there's a magic word aplenty and the
goods and services they just come from
this magic corn appointee and then if
like if somebody has more stuff than
somebody else's because they took more
from this magic horn of plenty now let
me just break it to you the fools out
there if you don't make stuff
there's no stuff yeah so if you don't
make the food
if you don't process the food you know
transport the food and the weather you
know medical treatment you're getting
getting teeth fixed
there's no stuff
I become detached from reality the you
can't just legislate money and sit and
solve these things if you don't make
stuff there is no stuff obviously we'll
run out of the stores run out of the you
know it's like hold the machine just
grinds to a halt but the initial thought
on this virus the real fear was that
this was going to kill hundreds of
thousands if not millions of people
instantaneously in this country it was
going to do it very quickly if we didn't
hunker down if we didn't shelter in
place if we didn't quarantine ourselves
or lock down do you think that the
initial thought was a good idea based on
the perception that this was going to be
far more deadly than it turned out to be
maybe I think briefly briefly briefly
but I think if you know any kind of like
sensible examination of what happened in
China would lead to a conclusion that
that is obviously not going to occur
this this virus originated in Wuhan
there's like a hundred thousand people a
day leaving one so it that it it went
everywhere very fast it threw it
throughout China throughout the rest of
the world and the fatality rate was was
low don't you think though it's
difficult to appreciate it's it's it's
difficult to the filter what the
information that's coming out of China
to accurately really get a real true
representation of what happened they the
propaganda machine is very strong sure
what the World Health Organization
appears to have been complicit with a
lot of their propaganda the things that
American companies have massive supply
chains in China like contour Tesla for
example we have hundreds of suppliers
like Tier one two three four suppliers
throughout throughout China so we know
if they are able to make stuff or not we
know if they if they have issues or not
then they they're China is back back at
full steam and and tells many pretty
much every US company has some
significant numbers fires in Chinese you
know you know if they're able to you
know provide things or not or if there's
you know high mortality rate Maya Tesla
has 7,000 people in China so zero people
died hmm okay so that that's a real
statistic that's coming from yeah yeah
you know those people yeah we literally
run payroll do you think there's a
danger of this folks are there Blair do
you think there's a danger of
politicizing this whereas becomes like
opening up the country's Donald Trump's
it's his goal
it's his in and then anything he does is
sort of there's there's people that are
gonna oppose it and come up with some
reasons why he's wrong particularly in
this climate was as we're leading up to
November and you know the the 2020
elections do you think that this is a
real danger in terms of public's
perception that Trump wants to open it
up so the knee-jerk oppose it because
they oppose Trump I think there has been
some flood is it this has been
politicized you know in both directions
really
so it's which which is not great yeah
but like I said separate apart and I
think is the question of like you know
way to civil civil liberties fit in this
picture you know yeah and what what can
the government make you do what can they
make you not do and what you know what's
what's okay right and yeah I think we
went too far do you think it's one of
those things where once we've gone in a
certain direction it's very difficult to
make a correction make an adjustment to
realize like okay we thought it was one
thing it's not it's not good but it's
not
we thought it was going to be it's not
what we feared so let's let's back up
and reconsider and let's do this
publicly and say we were acting based on
the information that we had initially
that information appears to be faulty
and here's how we move forward while
protecting civil liberties while
protecting what essentially this country
is founded on which is a very agreed
upon amount of freedom yeah that we
respect and appreciate absolutely well I
think we're rapidly moving towards
opening up the country it's gonna happen
extremely fast over the next few weeks
so yeah so something that would be
helpful just add from an informational
level is when reporting sort of covert
cases to separate out diagnose with
covert vs. had covert like symptoms yes
because I've the list of symptoms that
could be covered at this point is like a
mile long so it's like a hard to sure
ill at all it's like he could be covered
so just just to give you a better
information
definitely diagnosed with covered or had
covered like symptoms
we're conflating those two so that one
that it looks bigger than it is then if
somebody dies is was covered a a primary
cause of the death or not I mean I mean
if somebody has cover gets eaten by a
shark we find their arm their arm has
covered it's gonna get recorded as a
covert death is that real not basically
not that bad but heart attacks strokes
get hit by a bus cancer if you get hit
by a bus could go to the kick of the
hospital and die and they find that you
have covered you won't be recorded as a
Cova death why would they do that though
well right now the so you know say the
road is hell is the road to hell is
paved with good intentions I mean it's
mostly paved with bad intentions but
there is you know some good intention of
saving stones in there too and the the
the stimulus bill that was intended to
help
with the hospitals that were being
overrun with with code patients created
an incentive to record something as
covert that is difficult to say no to
especially if your hospital is going
bankrupt for lack of other patients
so the hospitals are in a bind right now
there's a bunch of hospitals over there
following doctors as you were mentioning
their you know their hospitals half full
you're it's hard hard to make ends meet
so now you've got like you know I just
checked this box I get eight thousand
dollars and put on a ventilator for five
minutes to get thirty nine thousand
dollars back or or I got a fire some
doctors so what's the what's in it now
this is a tough moral quandary like what
what you can do that's the situation we
have know what what's the way out of
this what do you think is like if if you
have the president's ear or if people
wanted to just listen to you openly what
do you think is the way out of this so
let's just clear up the data clear up
the data so like that I just make sure
we recorded as Co but only if it is
somebody has been tested has received a
positive positive Cova test thought if
they simply have symptoms one of like a
hundred symptoms and then if if it is a
covert death it must be separate or was
this was covered a primary primary
reason for death or did they also have
stage three cancer or heart disease
emphysema and got hit by bus and had
covered you have read all this stuff
about that about them diagnosing people
as a Cova death despite other variables
this is not this is not a this is not a
question this is what is occurring and
where are you reading this from where
are you getting this from the public
health health officials have literally
said this is not this is not a question
mark right but this is never this is
unprecedented right like if someone had
the flu but also had a heart attack they
would assume that that person died of a
heart attack yes
yeah so this is unprecedented is this
because this is such a popular I don't
use that word the wrong way but that's
what I mean pop
subject and financial incentives yes and
like I said this is not some sort of a
moral indictment of sort of hospital
administrators it's just they're in it
they're they're in in a tough in a tough
spot here they actually don't have
enough patience to pay everyone if it
took without foolin a furloughing
doctors and and firing staff and yeah
this is a running potentially going
bankrupt so so then they're like okay
well the similar spill says if you know
we get all this you know money if we say
if if they if it's a Cova death I'm like
ok they coughed before they died they in
fact they're not even diagnosis code but
they simply if you had weakness a cough
shortness of breath but frankly I'm not
sure how you died without those things
yeah you yeah but there's so many
different things that you could
attribute to Cova - there's so many
symptoms there's diarrhea headaches
dehydration yeah off yes
but to be clear you you you don't even
need to have gotten a covert a crisis
you simply need to have had one of yeah
many symptoms and then have died for
some reason and it's covered so so then
it makes the death count look very high
and then we're then stuck in a bind
because it looks like the death count
super high and not going down like it
should be and now so then we should keep
whatever you know keep you know the
shelter in place stuff there and and
keep people in their home
you know confine people the homes so we
need to break out of this this we're
stuck in a loop yeah and I think the way
to break out of this loop is to have
clarity of information clarity of
information will certainly help but
altering perceptions public perception
from people that are basically in a
panic there's a lot of essentially well
at least a month ago we're clearly in a
panic I mean right weird yet you know
when you look around April 5th April 6th
people were really freaking out but here
we are May and many people are relaxing
a little bit
yes they're realizing okay um I actually
know a couple of people that got it it
was just a cough and I know some people
that got it the word nothing happened I
know a lot of people who got it I know
zero people who died and died I mean it
bad no yeah a lot of people who got it
yeah it's it's not what we feared we
feared something much worse that's
correct
so the adjustments difficult to make so
you said first of all we need real data
you need it just parse out the data
don't don't lump it all together no and
then you know if you give if you get
people just parse out the data better
clearer clearer information about like
said was this an actual curve a
diagnosis or is it a did they get the
test and the key test came back positiv
or do they just have some symptoms just
parse that those two out and then parse
out just if somebody died did they die
did they but that they even have a Cova
test or did they just have one of many
symptoms like like like how do you die
without weakness I don't know it's
impossible basically yeah good point
you're gonna die you're gonna have
shortness of breath weakness and you
might kaufe little so so was it
quantified what was it yeah did that
person that do they actually have a Cova
test and and the tests come back
positive and then if they died did they
die where we're covered was it isn't had
to be the the main course but it was a
significant contributor to their death
or was it not a significant contributor
to the death right it's not as simple as
just because you had Kovac Kovac killed
you this is definitely not right yeah
yeah I mean people die all the time they
have like flu and yes other colds and we
don't say that they died if those flu
and other colds well that's what's so
weird I'm sorry it's so popular and I
use that word in a weird way but it's so
popular that we've kind of forgotten
people died in ammonia everyday yeah
people died of the flu didn't take a
break Oh kovetz got this I'm gonna sit
this one out I'm gonna be on the bench
I'm gonna wait until kovetz done
before I jump back into the game of
killing people no the flus still here
killing people I mean every year in the
world several hundred thousand people
die directly of the flu yeah not not ten
gently right no every sixty one thousand
in this country last year
yeah and we're early five percent of the
world and then their cigarettes so oh
man cigarettes not cigarettes will
really kill you that's a weird one right
we're terrified of this disease that
were projected it could potentially kill
one hundred if not two hundred thousand
Americans is here with cigarettes kill
five hundred thousand and you don't hear
a peep out of any politician there's no
one running for Congress is trying to
ban cigarettes there's no one running
for Senate that wants to put some
education plan in place it's gonna stop
cigarettes in their tracks yeah I mean a
long time like several years ago I mean
is longer than ten years ago I helped
make a movie called thank you for
smoking oh yeah it yeah yeah
it's crazy so we smokey barbecuing
ilanics is bad just bad news doesn't
it's not not good
yeah you turning your lungs in smoke
smoked beef and not great so yeah but
it's a Tylenol surfing by the way he
also kills a lot of people yeah what is
the number of attack over here I'm sure
the exact number but I believe it until
the opioid crisis I believe Tylenol was
the number one killer of all drugs
because how basically it's if you have
if you get drunk and take a lot of
Tylenol acetaminophen essentially it
causes liver failure so severe would
like get get wasted and then like have a
headache and then pop it's curtains Wow
yeah curtains yeah you know so but
nobody's like you know raging against
tylenol yeah it's weird except
acceptable deaths are weird and that's
the real the slippery slope about this
people shaming people for wanting to go
back to work you know other people are
gonna die well if you
arrive do you drive we should stop
driving because people die from driving
so he's you know he definitely should
fill up all the swimming pools because
like 50 people die every day in this
country from swimming so let's not swim
anymore
what is the we need to chop down all the
coconut water coconut skill 150 people
every year yes cut down the coconut
trees we need those people yes it's at a
certain point in time it's like yeah
we're vulnerable and we're also we're
also we have a finite existence no
matter what we do nobody lives forever
right I mean the the the I mean I think
you want to look at say deaths as like
the but for this disease whatever they
would have lived X number of years yeah
you know so you know if somebody dies
when they're there they're 20 and could
live till 80 they lost 60 years but if
somebody dies when they're 80 and they
might live till 81 they lost one year
yes so it's it's like how many life
years were lost is a probably the right
metric to use I don't read my own
comments but I do read other people's
comments and I was reading this one
little Twitter beef that was going on
where someone was saying that Co vid
takes an average of ten years off
people's lives and we should appreciate
those 10 years and then someone else
said not sure I'm sure it's not true
yeah definite Witter God but someone
else said the average age of people who
died from Co vid is older than the
average age people died it's very
straight to say it's like it's a it's
about the same that's a beautiful way of
looking at it I mean it's it's
unfortunate it sucks but it sucks if
grandpa dies of Alzheimer's or emphysema
or leukemia it sucks
sure it sucks when someone you love dies
yes but I'm I mean actually if this I
think a lesson to be taken here that I
think is quite important is that if if
you have you know great great
grandparents and that their aging
grandparents really be careful
with with with
you know any kind of flu or cold or
something that that what is not
dangerous to kids or young adults but it
is dangerous to to help the elderly is
it basically if your kids got a runny
nose they should stay away from their
grandparents no matter what it is it's
it's the things that are where a young
immune system is has no problem and an
older one has as a problem and in fact a
lot of the lot of the deaths are just
are literally it's tragic but they're
there intra-family it's the the little
little chaotic you had a you know cold
or flu and you have grand aha
yeah yeah there's a family gathering and
they don't know that this is a big deal
but it's it's just important to remember
when you get old your your immune system
is just not that strong and and so just
be be careful with your with it with
your you know loved ones over elderly
and I think there is some true objective
understanding of the immune system and
the ways to boost that immune system and
I really think that that that
information should be that should be
distributed in a way a non-judgmental
way but like look this is this is a way
that we can all like this is a
scientifically proven way that we can
boost our immune system and it might
save your life and it might save the
life of your loved ones and maybe we
could teach this to our grandparents and
our parents and and people that are
vulnerable
you know vitamin C heat shock proteins
all these different variables that we
know contribute to a stronger immune
system yeah
actually just the thing that that is
stuff if you like when you as you get
older it's it's hard to be yeah you put
ten to put on weight you know I
certainly that's happening with me you
know like as the older I get like that
harder to stay lean that's for sure and
and so actually being being overweight
is is a big deal you know just a it's a
fact yeah the New York hospital said it
was the number one factor for severe
the co vid symptoms was obesity factor
is that if that's yes exactly but it's
also we live in a world where people
want to be sensitive to other people's
feelings so yeah absolutely don't want
to bring up the fact that being fat is
bad for you it's a judgment on your
foods great yeah I do love food yeah and
I mean I mean to be totally Frank I mean
speak for myself I'd I'd rather eat
tasty food and live a shorter life yeah
those moments of enjoying a great meal
yeah and then even talking about they're
valuable they're worth something
yeah it's not we don't want to eat
Soylent Green and live to be 116 it
really is yeah it's an art form as well
it's like yeah fine food is it's it's a
it's a delicious sandcastle
it's temporary it doesn't last very long
but there's something about it that's
very pleasing yeah yeah yeah I mean I
don't know what advice to give like
maybe smaller have tasty food with
smaller amounts of it yeah and I think
regulated feeding windows really the way
to go some sort of an intermittent
fasting approach sure when I started
doing that I I found myself to be quite
a bit healthier when I've deviated from
that of gained weight today what's what
16 hours 16 hours yeah so like at night
or yeah yeah so I get to a certain point
and then I count out I usually hit the
stopwatch on my phone and then I look at
15 hours okay got an hour before I can
eat yeah and so anything in between that
is just water or coffee actually you
know I like this may be a useful bit of
advice for for people but eating before
you go to bed is a real bad idea and
actually negatively affects your sleep
yeah and it can actually cause it
heartburn that you don't even notice
happening and and that subtle heartburn
affects your sleep because you're
horizontal and your yeah body's
digesting
so if you want to improve the quality of
your sleep and you know you know be be
healthier it's it's do not eat right
before we're gonna sleep yeah it's like
one of the worst things you could do I
did some of the biggest mistakes I've
ever made
I've done that particularly after comedy
shows I'm starving
come home and I'll eat and then I go to
bed and I just feel like shit I wake up
in the middle of the night it's gonna
crush your sleep
it's gonna damage your pilot you know
pyloric sphincter and you're in your
esophagus and it's it's so in fact
drinking and then going to sleep is he
is that's one of the worst things you
could yes so just try to avoid drinking
and and eating booze yeah exactly
don't you know small amounts alcohol
that evidence suggests it's not it
doesn't have a negative effect I put in
the same categories delicious food it
kind of makes things a little more fun
yeah yeah I like it I mean some of the
people some of the people have lived the
longest you know was a woman in France
who I think maybe has the record were
close to it and she had a glass of wine
every day every day you know yeah small
small amounts of this place fine but
yeah this is like a I alert this like
quite late in life it's like just avoid
having alcohol and avoid eating at least
two or three hours before going to sleep
and your quality of life well your
quality of sleep will improve your
general health will improve a lot this
isn't it's a big deal and I think no
only no way lean on do you have time to
exercise a little bit
do it train or anything I do although I
haven't seen her for a while but yeah
especially if I'm out like you know say
working on starship for something stuff
excess and I'm just living my life I got
a little little house there in Boca
Chica village you know don't have much
to do so but we're like I'm working and
I was just lifts and wages and yeah
maybe yeah I like I don't tell you
love running I don't love running but
what do you like to do exercise wise
sweet totally Frank
I wouldn't exercise at all if I could
but if I I prefer not to exercise but
I'm going to exercise and you know lift
lift some weights and and then kind of
run on the treadmill and maybe watch a
show that you know if there's a
compelling show that like pulls you in
right right yeah that's a good thing to
do
yeah watch a good movie or yeah yeah
episode of black mare so I'm like that's
great man they don't watch black mare
before go to bed either don't watch
black mirror today
it's too fucking accurate yeah exactly
it's like wait this already happened in
real life
yeah they're too close it's too close
well even didn't Jamie didn't you say
that the guy who makes black mare it's
not a good time to start season six yeah
he wants to hold off because his male
that is black mirror oh man it's like
he's gonna have to like re reassess and
and attack it from a different angle
yeah you should try something that's fun
to do that's not just like like learn a
martial artists ins like that I did
watch last one is kid play
I did Taekwondo I did karate character
Shanghai cool and judo I'll see you
really branched out yeah so entered
Brazilian jiu-jitsu briefly did you
where I'm oh no shit I was gonna suggest
that that's a great thing for people
like that's a thing about jiu-jitsu if
you look at it from the outside you
think oh bunch of meatheads strangle
each other sir but there's some of the
smartest people I know or Jiu Jitsu
fiends because they they get they first
of all they get introduced to it because
usually either they want exercise or
learn some self-defense but then they
realize that it's essentially like a
language with your body like you're
having an argument with someone with
some sort of a physical language and
it's really complex and the more
access to vocabulary and the sharper
your words are sure the the more you'll
succeed in these ventures it's really
also an accurate analogy of what you
Jitsu is yeah I mean I kind of I mean
part of like a lot of people for the the
way early they imp the first MMA fights
and hoist Gracie mmm-hmm and it was like
incredible and I was like it's like you
know week yeah yeah it was like you know
winning is people way bigger and like a
thing you know this is cool it was what
martial arts were supposed to be more as
we were kids yeah when you saw Bruce Lee
fuck up all these big giant guys like
wow martial arts allow you to beat
someone far bigger and stronger than you
most of the time that's not real
especially if they know mantra yeah yes
but in the UFC
when hoist Gracie off of his back was
strangling Dan Severn with his legs yeah
holy shit yeah this guy's being pinned
by this big giant wrestler and he wraps
his legs around his neck chokes him to
the point the guy has to surrender yeah
amazing yeah it was amazing
I mean horse got beaten up pretty bad in
some of those well you definitely had
some rough fights but he won he won yeah
he's a legend and but what it showed in
I mean I'm a huge lover of jiu-jitsu
what it showed is that there is a method
for for defusing these situations with
technique and and knowledge yeah and I
think it's also a great way to exercise
too because it's almost like the
exercise is secondary to the learning of
the thing though the exercise is like
you want like and you want to develop
strength and conditioning just so that
you could be better at doing the thing
and the analogy that I use is like if
you imagine if you had a racecar and you
could actually give the racecar better
handling and more horsepower just from
your own focus and effort sure that's
really what it's like yeah totally yeah
when am I gonna make my kids I should
say I sent my kids to jiu-jitsu since
they were like I don't know six oh
really yeah oh that's awesome
oh yeah it's it's a great thing to learn
it really is like a good yes yeah maybe
something like I mean even if you just
have
it's holds the pads for you you get a
workout in and to be fun when am I gonna
be able to buy one of them roadsters
when's that happening
well I can't you know say exactly when
but we got to get it you know this is
Kobo things kind of thrown us for a loop
I'm sure so not to blame everything in a
coma but it's you know it was certainly
set us back on on progress or you know
some number of months the I mean things
we got to get get done ahead of Road sir
are you know ramping up model wide
production that'll be a great great car
it is a great car getting the Berlin
Giga factory bolts and and also building
why getting expanding the Shanghai
Factory which is going great and get the
other the cyber trucks semi-truck
roadster roasters kind of like desert so
like we got to get the you know wheat
and potatoes and greens and stuff you
know like but roaster comes before a
cyber truck I mean I think we should do
cyber truck first before before before
I'm mad at that some other things for us
for their their you know the tri-motor a
plaid powertrain we're gonna have that
in Model S so that's like one of the
ingredients that's needed for Road store
is the plaid powertrain the more
advanced bet you know factory back that
kind of thing I want to ask you about
this before I forgot well there's a
company that's called apex is taking
your Tesla's and they're giving it a
wider base and wider tires and a little
bit more advanced suspension sure how do
you feel about that yes I'm sure you do
with those people yeah
I'm will forget that go ahead they're
jazz and stuff up with carbon fiber and
doing a bunch of interior choices
you're cool with you can't fuck with
that you don't have time so is it good
that someone comes along and has that
sort of specialty operation yeah I got
no problem that's what's called right
it's like Jamie is it called apex yeah I
got a unplugged performance s apex
that's right unplugged performance yeah
yeah you could for sure you know lighten
the car up and improve - tire traction
and have you seen that company stuff
what'd they do
I don't know if specifically but it's
pretty dope yeah they make a pretty dope
looking they take Model S and they they
widen it and give it a bunch of carbon
fibre right that's it right there looks
pretty nice yeah it does
now the the plaid version of the Model S
you are you going to widen the track and
doing a bunch do a bunch of different I
know you guys are testing at the
Nurburgring cannot talk about that well
I think we got to leave that for okay
you know proper us that our product
unveil I understand yeah I understand
last time you were here you convinced me
to buy a Tesla I bought it and it's
fucking insane
all right glad you like it very fun I
don't it's not just pretty fun it's like
I the way I've described it as it makes
other cars seem stupid they just seemed
dumb like I love dumb things I love dumb
cars like I love campfires yeah I love
campfires
I have a 1993 Porsche that's air-cooled
sure it's like it's not that fast it's
really slow compared to Tesla yeah it's
really quite slow of it yeah but there's
something engaging about the mechanical
just like the the gears are very it's
very analog but it's so stupid
in comparison to the Tesla like when I
want to go somewhere and the model last
I hit the gas and just goes wee it just
it like violates time yeah yeah yeah
you've tried it like ludicrous plus and
yeah wait we did just a software update
where it'll do it like a cheetah stance
so yeah so it's it because it's got a
dynamic air suspension so it lowers the
back oh Jesus yeah just like a like a
sprinter basic right like what do you do
if your sprinter you hunker down and
then so I shaved like a tenth of a
second or third Stacey I mean like you
know
it's pretty fun it's so far I've taken
so many people and I'm like take them
for the holy shit moment I'm like you
ready like hang on there and then I
stomp on the gas I've never felt
anything like it
it's confusing yeah it really is the
instant torque the instant torque and
just the sheer acceleration is baffling
it's baffling its baffled I've never
felt it
no it's faster than falling it's crazy
it's so fast it's a roller coaster yeah
and my family yells at me when I stomp
the gas like I tell my kids I'm like you
want to feel it you want to feel it like
do it do it do it
my wives like don't do it yeah and even
if I just do it on the highway for a
couple of seconds I think
yeah it's like having our own roller
coaster on tap you know it really is
like a roller coaster on top yeah
without the loop-de-loops but it's the
the painting to your seat it seems like
you're not supposed to be able to
experience that from some sort of a can
you know consumer vehicle that you can
just a regular person could buy if you
have the money it seems to too crazy and
then the idea this roadster is a half of
a second faster than that yeah that's
madness well that rotes with the
Roadster we're gonna do some things that
are kind of unfair so we're gonna take
some things from like you know from kind
of like rocket rocket world and put them
on a car so oh I've read about that
explain that like what do you do well
like said who can't talk now Vail right
here but but it's gonna do some things
that aren't fair and when we do the
unveil the Roadster let me just say that
anyone who's been waiting they won't be
sorry
it's they won't be sorry oh well
anything goes zero to sixty is it one
point nine is that the 60 but that's the
base model that's what's the top of the
food chain model faster than that yeah
that seems so crazy to me now what was
it like when the dude threw the steel
balls at the window and they were
supposed to not break and it broke well
yeah I mean oh are you know you know
that our demos are authentic
so that was not expecting that a night
and then I think I muttered under my
breath you didn't get mad though know
what you didn't Steve Jobs it no III
definitely swore but you know I didn't
think the Micra pick it up but it did
and but it's so like we practiced this
you know buying the scenes yeah it Tesla
we don't do we don't do like tons of
practice for for our demos because we
work we're working on the car it's like
we you know we're building new
technologies and and and improving the
the fundamental product so we were not
spending it like you're doing like
hundreds of you know practice things or
anything like that we don't have time
for that but the the outer just hours
before the demo both fronts you know is
a head of design and and I were in the
studio
throwing steel balls at the window or
just bouncing right off I'm like okay
let seems pretty good it seems like we
got it okay and then I we think what
happened was that when we we when when
when Franz hit the the door with the
sledgehammer you know sure like like
this is this is like exoskeleton
you know high-strength hardened steel
you can literally take wind up with a
sledge hammer
you know full-on double handed
sledgehammer and hit the door and
there's not even a dent it's cool but we
think that that cracked the corner of
the glass at the bottom and then once
you crack the corner of the glass the
you're just game over
so then when you threw the bowl that
that's what cracked the glass so that's
true it didn't shatter the whole thing
like a regular window would either which
would just dissolve right so in
hindsight the ball should have been
first sledgehammer set yeah yeah you
live you learn yeah exactly
listen man we've taken up a lot of your
time you have a child yeah I got it
recently
it's amazing that you had the time to
come down here and I really appreciate
that I appreciate everything you do man
I'm glad you're out there and I really
appreciate you coming down here and
sharing your perspective well I think
you got a great show thanks for having
me on thank you my pleasure pleasure
Elon Musk ladies and gentlemen good
night
[Laughter]